How're things going?
Which thing do you mean?
Brother Gu kills or murders to raise me
Lin Niannian, you didn't die
Are you disappointed?
Fortunately, my mother protected me at the last minute yesterday.
He didn't come to see you last night.
He last night
I've been risking my fists to search for your whereabouts
How can I have time to take care of my adopted daughter?
I'm not talking about my mom.
Is our common mother
forest
red
What are you talking about?
Yuan Hong is dead
He's already dead.
Even if you beat me
Don't lie to me with this cow
Xueqin didn't lie to you.
Maybe it's fate, maybe it's coincidence
But no matter how uprooted
A mother's love is the most sincere in the world
The most selfless love
Xueqing, I have arranged a ward for you.
You won't be in any danger from now on
Of course there is no freedom
I see.
Can I have another drink?
If he hadn't asked me to swap with you 20 years ago
Perhaps I would have died of a heart attack long ago.
I'm the one who took your life away
Twilight!
From simple to extravagant
From luxury to solve problems
Compared with the identity of ordinary people, it takes a lifetime
I can leave behind the identity of a daughter
Go to my biological mother
xueqing
Why are you
Even if you want to hurt me
I still treat you like my own daughter
Why can't you think about it?
Mom
Today is the last time I will call you that
After I'm gone
You and Nian Nian
There will be no barrier between you
xueqing
Xueqing, wake up